Rebrand from EventStore to Kurrent (#828)
EventStore/documentation: docs/README.md

      icon: hugeicons:cloud
      link: https://www.kurrent.io/kurrent-cloud
    - title: Start KurrentDB in a container

>       details: Run <code>docker run kurrentio/kurrent:latest --dev</code> to start KurrentDB in developers mode.

Reviewer: is kurrentio/kurrent correct?

Author: changed to Hayley's suggestion

>       details: Run <code>docker run kurrent-lts/kurrentdb:lts --dev</code> to start KurrentDB in developers mode.

Reviewer 2: We don't have an LTS version of KurrentDB yet, so it's best to use latest for now. This will pull from dockerhub, but alternatively we could use `docker.kurrent.io/eventstore/kurrent-latest/kurrentdb:latest`:
```suggestion
      details: Run <code>docker run kurrentplatform/kurrentdb:latest --dev</code> to start KurrentDB in developers mode.
```

      - title: Linux
        icon: devicon:linux
        details: Use Kurrent package feeds for Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
        link: /latest/quick-start/installation.html#install-from-packagecloud

      - title: Windows
        icon: devicon:windows8
        details: Download the Windows binaries or use Chocolatey to install KurrentDB.
        link: /latest/quick-start/installation.html#windows

      - title: Docker
        icon: logos:docker-icon

>         details: Use Docker Compose to pull images from Docker Hub and run KurrentDB in containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        details: Use Docker Compose to pull images from Cloudsmith and run KurrentDB in containers.
```
